reference to Teams in multi-geo scenario added (#703)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/plan-for-multi-geo.md

To get started configuring Office 365 Multi-Geo, see [Configure Office 365 Multi-Geo](multi-geo-tenant-configuration.md).

> For details about Teams experience in an Office 365 Multi-Geo tenancy, please see [Teams experience in an Office 365 OneDrive and SharePoint Online Multi-Geo-enabled tenancy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/teams-experience-o365odb-spo-multi-geo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about the Teams experience in an Office 365 Multi-Geo tenancy, please see [Teams experience in an Office 365 OneDrive and SharePoint Online Multi-Geo-enabled tenancy](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/teams-experience-o365odb-spo-multi-geo).
```
